>> Kyle Simpson: Your Solution folder will
actually have the full solution in it, so
the end solution that we get to
at the end of this workshop.
But in addition,
I've included the Git Repo
that I used with each of
the snapshots that we're getting to.
So if you're familiar with Git, you'll
note that in the SW Solution folder,
you'll see that there's
a set of git commits here.
So initial commits where we started, and
then we added the offline events icon.
And then we added our service workers.
So this commit is the one
that we just got to.
And then we're going to do this one next.
So, if you, for some reason your
stuff is not working and you want
to mess around with the git history here,
you can check out one of these commits.
And if you check out a commit and
then wanna get back,
you just say git checkout master.
So, say that you are having
a problem with your code and
you wanted to get the solution file code
that was correct, you can take that hash,
and then add a command line, you can
say git checkout and use that hash.
And then you'll be at
the version of this code now
that's in the web directory and all that.
The version of this code
is that code at that point.
And if you do a git log, you'll see
that now that one's the top commit,
is the one where we added
the service worker, okay?
So if you wanted then to compare
your files to the solution or
literally just copy that current state of
that over into your exercise folder as
a starting point because it's not working,
you can do that, okay?
If you are on a non, not the final commit,
you're in this detached head state.
And you wanna get back to the whole list
of all the commits because you'll need to
do that to go forward.
You just say get checkout master.
And now you're back to
the whole history of the Repo.
So then, to go to the next one
after the adding service worker,
this is what we're about to do,
then you'll just grab that hash and
you can check that out to that solution.
Again, remember you do git checkout as
the command you're going to be using.
And you either use a hash to go to that
specific version of it, or if you've
already done that, to get back to what you
had before, you do get check out master.
>> Kyle Simpson: Just a word of caution
that it's really easy to forget what state
a tree is in when you're
messing around with this stuff,
so pay very close attention.
I've checked it out, I'm back to master.
I've checked another one out,
I'm back to master.
When you're copying files or leaving
files open in your editor or whatever,
it can get real confusing real quick.
So just pay close attention to what
version of what files you're looking at in
this directory.
It's also useful for
those of you that know about git stuff.
I'll show you this.
For those of you that
know about git stuff.
It's useful if, for some reason you wanna
know and this is literally what I'm doing
to make sure I'm not forgetting code here,
to do git diffs between two commits.
So here I'm literally looking up right
before I walk you through this exercise.
I'm looking up the difference between
are our adding service worker commit and
the status updates,
which is what we're about to do.
I just do those two hashes
from the older to the newer.
That's the order, and then, oops.
>> Speaker 2: You just have one
extra character on the second?
>> Speaker 3: It's not 354, it's-
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so
now I literally can just see what I'm
needing to update and your git diff.
So that might be helpful as
your managing your stuff.